docs: improve and add new documentation (#683)
anitab-org/mentorship-backend: docs/features.md

1. Delete unverified users every month. Code can be found [here](/app/schedulers/delete_unverified_users_cron_job.py).

    We have this because we don't want to keep users in our database if they are inactive and have not verified their email.

2. Complete mentorship relations every day. Code can be found [here](/app/schedulers/complete_mentorship_cron_job.py).

>     Every day we run a job that completes mentorship relatioons which reached the end date agreed by mentor and mentee.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Every day we run a job that completes mentorship relations which reached the end date agreed upon by mentor and mentee.
```
